# Canna Grow Companion
First at all I've to mention that this is a hobby project and I won't have everyday time to invest in this project but anyways I'll do my best. Any contribution would be great to developing a good software much faster (see the contribution part below)

## Contribution
This is a very important part. I'm maybe a professional Software Developer as I studied this and worked now for round about 10 years all together, beside it is my hobby since I was 12 but to the growing topic I consider me a beginner.
I started with my first real grow a few weeks ago, but since then I learned so much about growing and as I'm digging deeper into that I also realize that there is a need for a good software to help people growing, creating their own digital schedules
and a lot more problems which could be solved or at least make em' easier to solve by a program. Coming to that, I'll need a lot of help from other hands: What do you wish to be in that software? What is missing in your opinion? What could it make better?
Do you have any research based information you could contribute to that project? Or are you even a developer by yourself and want to be part of a great software? These are just a few questions, there are a lot more as you can imagine.

## How to start
From my side, I'll start with my experience I'm making with my grows. This includes some BioBizz products(medium and nutrients), Autoflower grow cycle (photos coming soon, as I'm about to order a complete Indoor setup), In/Outdoor Hybid, different training techniques I know about and making currently experience with some, Light Cycle + (low priority) moon calendar and a lot I've learned from the book "We grow cannabis" by Jorge Cervantes (bigs thanks to Jorge for that -if he ever will read this-, looking forward to buy some other books from you) and I must also mention the autoflowers.org forum where I learned also a bunch of things and got help in my early stages of growing. As Jorges book get a tick on nearly any topic of growing cannabis you can await a lot of research based information from his book inside this software. First of all I'll make a Jira Board with different features I plan to implement in this program for my own project tracking purpose. After I made a plan on how this software will look like, I'll start to add this plan to this github repository. 
My goal is to develop a software which is very generic and nothing in it will be introduced in a way I prefer to work with my grow for example. I rather will think of a way to implement my growing style into this software which anybody can use with their growing styles. This is basically just an idea of how to develop such a software in the early stages, so I'd like to come back to the contribution topic: As far as you can and want to, please provide me with information of your growing products and how they could fit in this software idea.

## What happens next?
In a short while I'll present some ideas for a plan of how I or hopefully we all together can start to produce a really good software which leads to helping people growing great cannabis!
